Hiring and letting people go.
Take a long time to hire and let people go if you have to quickly.
They say it's harsh, but hire slowly, fire quickly.
And if you have somebody that works with you
that has a really bad attitude or is not adding value,
that bad apple can destroy the whole culture of a company.
So you've got to be careful and make sure you hire the right people.
And when you're interviewing somebody,
you want to interview them in several settings.
You know, one is at the office obviously with everybody,
one on one and in group settings.
Another one could be at dinner to see what they're like outside of work.
And then when it comes to references,
you want to make sure that you don't call the references they provide to you.
Obviously, they are only going to give you
references for people that will say great stuff about them.
So leverage LinkedIn as much as you can and try to see if you
can find people you have in common with them and get references from them.
Just give them a call.
And so that's, that's how I approach hiring.